pull turn while doing foundation touches
the player then pushes the ball forward
as she reaches the ball she steps on it
and pulls it back across her body while
turning in the same direction as the
ball this keeps the ball in sight at all
times she also then adds the fake kick
after getting a rhythm going inside a
foot turn while dribbling in one
direction the player then steps a bit to
the side of the ball and cuts it back
hard with the inside of the foot in the
opposite direction note that the less
you can turn your body prior to cutting
the ball the more deceptive the turn
will be
outside of foot turn similar to inside
the foot turn now the player uses the
outside of the foot to turn while
stepping past the ball with the other
foot note how when she gets in a rhythm
she really starts throwing the fake
kicks to try to freeze a defender
players should always be imagining that
they are playing in a real game against
a live defender while doing these moves
cruyff named for the legendary dutch
player johan cruyff a player dribbles in
one direction then fakes across our pass
and with the inside of the same foot she
used to fake cuts the ball hard behind
her standing leg and quickly takes the
ball away from that space note how she
has already partly turned which makes it
easier to get to the ball quickly it is
very important to sell the fake to try
to get the defender to bite on it this
should give you enough time and space to
make a good decision after you have
turned and get back to the ball
here the player will take the old guy to
school and quickly set up a great shot
step over turn again this is a move that
will get you out of a tight situation by
quickly trying to freeze a defender and
turn in the opposite direction with the
step over the player fakes over and
around the ball and then quickly turns
to take the ball away note that she
starts by stepping over with one foot
and taking it away with the inside of
the other foot later she steps over and
flicks it back with the outside of the
same foot also remember the longer the
step over foot stays in the air the
longer the move will take
you